the sun rises above the calm blue ocean 
waves crash gently against the sandy    
shore birds fly freely in the clear     
summer sky a soft breeze carries the    
scent of flowers children laugh and run 
through the fields trees sway with the  
rhythm of the wind mountains stand tall 
in the distant view a quiet peace fills 
the warm afternoon the golden light     
fades as evening falls stars begin to   
twinkle in the night sky the moon glows 
bright over silent hills a journey      
begins under the starry night footsteps 
echo on the quiet forest path whispers  
of nature fill the cool air dreams      
awaken in the heart of the wild moments 
of joy are captured in stillness the    
horizon stretches far beyond sight each 
step leads to new adventures ahead time 
flows like a river through the days the 
world turns with grace and purpose life 
unfolds in ways unknown but true a      
journey shared is a journey remembered  
with every breath comes a new beginning 
the heart beats steady with hope